feat, docs: enable custom markdown rendering to allow metadata (#568)
widgetti/solara: solara/website/pages/documentation/advanced/content/40-development/10-setup.md

---

> title: Development setup for Solara
> description: Learn how to set up your installation for building on the Solara framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Development setup for Solara
description: Learn how to set up your installation for developing on the Solara itself.
```
